gamification use cases (#162)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/usecases/gamification/map_collaboration.md

# Use Case: Map Collaboration

## Summary

- **Scope:** Map Collaboration
- **Level:** User Goal
- **Actors:** Map Creator, Collaborator
- **Brief:** collaborators can plan on the map of a map creator.
- **Status:** Draft

## Scenarios

- **Precondition:**

>   - A map creator has created a map and at least one other collaborator is registered in Nextcloud.

Reviewer: We register via keycloak and everyone automatically is available in Nextcloud, too.

```suggestion
  - A map creator has created a map and at least one other collaborator is registered.
```

- **Main success scenario:**
  - The map creator is able to open the map for collaboration.

>   - The map creator can choose if the map is open to edit for everyone or only through directly assigned permissions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The map creator chooses if the map is open to edit for everyone or only through directly assigned permissions,
```

    in which case potential collaborators can be searched by their name and get an invitation to collaboration.
  - The map creator can create [alternatives](../layers_alternatives.md) of existing layers and designate which can be edited by collaborators.

>   - Additionaly, the map creator can leave a comment with additional information for collaborators on what the finished map should contain,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Additionaly, the map creator can leave a comment with additional information for collaborators,
```

>     like e.g. only to use a list of specific plants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    like e.g. a list of specific plants the map should contain.
```

>   - A collaborator, optionally with direct permission if specified, can enter the map like it is one of their own and use
>     the design functions under the given constraints.

Reviewer: As it is only a comment, the constraints cannot be checked.

```suggestion
  - A collaborator, optionally with direct permission if specified, can enter the map like it is one of their own.
```

# Use Case: Map Collaboration

## Summary

- **Scope:** Map Collaboration
- **Level:** User Goal

> - **Actors:** App User

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Actors:** Map Creator, Collaborator
```
Adjust the rest of the use case to use these terms.

Reviewer: Good suggestion!
